[install go]: http://golang.org/doc/install.html "Install Go" 
[go environment]: http://golang.org/doc/install.html#environment "Go environment"

[issues]: https://github.com/bmatsuo/gonew/issues "Github issues"
[the config package]: https://github.com/bmatsuo/gonew/tree/master/config#readme "The Config Package directory"
[the templates package]: https://github.com/bmatsuo/gonew/tree/master/templates "The Templates Package directory"
[on gopkgdoc]: http://gopkgdoc.appspot.com/pkg/github.com/bmatsuo/gonew "on GoPkgDoc"

About gonew
===========

Yo this is gonew v2, son! It's gonna totally kill gonew which really sucks for reals.
I'm talking about implementation, dawg. Gonew v2's got the bomb shit. I'm talking
hellof customizable. And, solid as rocks. Cause we be breaking down on the fundamental
levels. This shit is simple.

Features
========

- Generate new files/projects with boiler-plate so you can jump in and start coding,
compiling, commiting, pushing, etc.

- Run command hooks before/after file/project generation

Prerequisites
=============

[Install Go][]

Documentation
=============
Install
-------

    go get github.com/bmatsuo/gonew

Examples
--------

Create a package "mp3".

    $ gonew -target=mp3 pkg go-mp3 && ls go-mp3
    LICENSE     README.md   mp3.go      mp3_test.go
    $

While hacking furiously at `mp3.go` (and `mp3_test.go` :p), bust out a new
library, `decode.go`, for modularity.

    $ gonew lib decode mp3 && ls *.go
    LICENSE     README.md   decoder.go  decoder_test.go mp3.go      mp3_test.go
    $

General Documentation
---------------------

    gonew -h

and [on GoPkgDoc][]

Configuration
-------------

Checkout [The Config Package directory][] for configiration documentation.

Help out
========

Licenses
--------

Licenses can be added very easily

If you have experience with licenses other than New BSD and want to help add
them to Gonew, [create a new issue][issues] and provide links to the relavent
license documentation (and the license text itself).

Templates
---------

If you have any suggestions regarding the contents of the default Gonew templates
please [create a new issue][issues]. I'm always open to ideas. But be warned that
I will scrutenize them and reject some. The generality of Gonew's templating
system allows users to create and use custom template sets. The standard for gonew
v2 is as follows:

| Content generated by gonew's default set of templates should follow all
| commonly accepted best-practices for their respective file types.

I want this to be true. It isn't currently, but things will get better.

Author
======

Bryan Matsuo <bryan.matsuo@gmail.com>

Copyright & License
===================

Copyright (c) 2011, Bryan Matsuo.
All rights reserved.

Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
found in the LICENSE file.
